PROGRAM 1
Write a PL/SQL block to calculate the incentive of an employee whose ID is 110.



























PROGRAM 2
Write a PL/SQL block to show an invalid case-insensitive reference to a quoted and without quoted user-defined identifier.


























PROGRAM 3
Write a PL/SQL block to adjust the salary of the employee whose ID 122.
Sample table: employees

























PROGRAM 4
 Write a PL/SQL block to create a procedure using the "IS [NOT] NULL Operator" and show AND operator returns TRUE if and only if both operands are TRUE.


























PROGRAM 5
Write a PL/SQL block to describe the usage of LIKE operator including wildcard characters and escape character.



















PROGRAM  6
Write a PL/SQL program to arrange the number of two variable in such a way that the small number will store in num_small variable and large number will store in num_large variable.


















PROGRAM 7
Write a PL/SQL procedure to calculate the incentive on a target achieved and display the message either the record updated or not.


















PROGRAM 8
Write a PL/SQL procedure to calculate incentive achieved according to the specific sale limit.



















PROGRAM 9
Write a PL/SQL program to count number of employees in department 50 and check whether this department have any vacancies or not. There are 45 vacancies in this department.

















PROGRAM 10
 Write a PL/SQL program to count number of employees in a specific department and check whether this department have any vacancies or not. If any vacancies, how many vacancies are in that department.























PROGRAM 11
Write a PL/SQL program to display the employee IDs, names, job titles, hire dates, and salaries of all employees.



















PROGRAM 12
Write a PL/SQL program to display the employee IDs, names, and department names of all employees.


















PROGRAM 13
 Write a PL/SQL program to display the job IDs, titles, and minimum salaries of all jobs.


















PROGRAM 14
 Write a PL/SQL program to display the employee IDs, names, and job history start dates of all employees.

















PROGRAM 15
Write a PL/SQL program to display the employee IDs, names, and job history end dates of all employees.



